Add a configuration flag for enabling multiseal (Seal HA), CE side (#25908)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/configuration/seal/seal-ha.mdx

Correspondingly, to migrate back to a shamir seal, first use the above
instructions to move to a single auto seal, and use the traditional
migration method to migrate back to a Shamir seal.

### Removing Seal HA

> If an operator wishes to revert to single seal behavior, to prevent possible data
> loss it imperative than an operator do so by using the HA feature to migrate to 
> a single seal, then monitor for seal re-wrapping to fully complete.  In particular, 
> the result of the [`sys/sealwrap/rewrap`](/vault/docs/api-docs/system/sealwrap-rewrap)
> should contain `fully_wrapped=true`.  Then, remove the `enable_multiseal` element 
> and restart Vault.

Reviewer: I'm a little concerned we aren't perspective enough here, especially since any operator errors could result in data loss. I may not have this right, but how does this look?

```suggestion
Migrating back to a single seal may result in data loss if an operator does not 
use the HA seal feature. To migrate back to a single seal:

1. Perform a [seal migration](/vault/docs/concepts/seal#seal-migration) as described.
2. Monitor [`sys/sealwrap/rewrap`](/vault/docs/api-docs/system/sealwrap-rewrap) until the API indicates `fully_wrapped=true`.
3. Remove `enable_multiseal` from all Vault configuration files in the cluster.
4. Restart Vault.

If an operator wishes to revert to single seal behavior and prevent possible data
loss,  it's imperative than an operator do so by using the HA feature to migrate to 
a single seal, then monitor for seal re-wrapping to fully complete.  In particular, 
the result of the [`sys/sealwrap/rewrap`](/vault/docs/api-docs/system/sealwrap-rewrap)
should contain `fully_wrapped=true`.  Then, remove the `enable_multiseal` element 
and restart Vault.
```
